talking about me hi everybody its
vlogmas number four and um so we're on
our way to eat we're gonna have some
Filipino food hartal request is that so
Caleb are some pillock some adobo
chicken way to bridge our language
barrier butcher it this is how hungry
Arnold is he's like leaving me sweet how
hungry are you
for you for me so that was you that
orders a whole LaShawn pig fried pig you
want to watch a movie of today right
okay
which movie do you want to see your
immortals all really it was really you
don't want to watch immortals anymore
that can wait wait why why do you wanna
watch - you either
it's kind of obvious is the sack attack
saffron you want to live to see opens
back Ephron goddess lunch is here
Oh
suit came and this is fish right here
it's called dying the bellows and then
this one is eggplant it just doesn't
look like it but that's like plan and
rice I'm not even gonna eat this I don't
know why they gave this to me so yeah
Arnold's almost done eating and I'm just
about to eat just got that eating really
cool and that was just appetizer and now
we're going to pay for the main course
I'm so Hank see you a bouquet for the
main course
Arnold is mean-mugging me he's right
there Arnold has a really hard time
figuring out or no remembering what this
pattern is called all right um she told
me once what it was right and I remember
has two thing be with a hound dog
so first I said it was a hound dog teeth
mark and then she left my face just like
that it was a hound mark it wasn't
correct so what is it Oh
there are times the Shire I think the
word is Prince pound Brit no bone dog
friends these are some big balls
we're at Downton Freya and we are about
to get some macarons
whispers gold merely sweets so that's
what's happening
look it's downtown great it looks really
nice how about that you're going to wear
oh here here is it well done oh I think
it's blurry I have to turn it off for a
quick cold air it is just so random
it's just oh they think it's real
no I'm not real we got some macarons
already and I'll talk about the flavor
or less the flavors so this is um what
is this this is green tea
the white ones this is the stash oh the
purple ones this is like I think this is
like dark chocolate the purple ones
right here chocolate and stone this is
stone flavor it's so in flavor rock the
rock that's the rock right there but
that is actually my favorite
and
oh look at her trying to copy me with
her leopard print star hi dawn what's
going on so welcome to vlogmas number
five is it five words yeah
oh no four four winner of hypothesis
outsiders oh okay super here here's a
live tutorial and looking pretty john
he's so happy so happy very pretty
jealous idea what he didn't know he did
what are you doing are you doing this is
what we're doing for today we are
filming for Arnold's channel and there
he is the man of the hour
please do an outfit of the day for us
what is going on here I am rocking a
very new fashionable attire uh-huh his
business on top party on the body
inconsiderate she's having her own
little thing going on oh and consider
your name exactly I thought we had that
clear